Privacy Policy for Ardent Super App

Effective date: 01-05-2023

Ardent Super App ("us," "we," or "our") operates the Ardent Super App mobile application.

This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data when you use our Service and the choices you have associated with that data.

We use your data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy.

Information Collection and Use
We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our Service to you.

Types of Data Collected

Personal Data

While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you ("Personal Data"). Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:

Email address
Phone number
First name and last name
Usage data
Location data

We may also collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our Service or when you access the Service by or through a mobile device ("Usage Data"). This Usage Data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol address (e.g., IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers, and other diagnostic data.

Location Data

We may use and store information about your location if you give us permission to do so ("Location Data"). We use this data to provide features of our Service, to improve and customize our Service.

Tracking & Cookies Data

We do not use cookies or similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our Service.

Use of Data
We use the collected data for various purposes:

To provide and maintain the Service
To notify you about changes to our Service
To provide customer care and support
To provide analysis or valuable information so that we can improve the Service
To monitor the usage of the Service
To detect, prevent and address technical issues
Marketing
We may use your Personal Data to contact you with newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information that may be of interest to you. You may opt-out of receiving any, or all, of these communications from us by following the unsubscribe link or instructions provided in any email we send or by contacting us.

Sharing of Data
We do not share your personal information with any third-party vendors.

User Choices
You have the right to opt-out of our services and delete your account if you feel that we are not providing value to you. You may also choose to limit the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:

By emailing us at founder@ardentsuperapp.com
By contacting us using the contact information provided below
Data Security
The security of your data is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the internet or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.

Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate reaching out through founder@ardentsuperapp.com
